== Description
  rbsync is a ruby wrapper for rsync that simplifies basic pushing and pulling of filesystems.  
  Push and pull actions can be performed from the command line anywhere in the file system.    

== Prerequisites 
  ruby
  rsync

== Usage

  > pull_from <host> [path] [rsync_options]
  > push_to   <host> [path] [rsync_options]

  * path defaults to current directory if not supplied.
  * rsync_options can be any option supported by rsync, such as --dry-run or --delete.  See rsync documentation.

== Examples

  Simple Example:
  > pull_from server ~/mp3 

  Pulling server:/home/user/mp3/ to /home/user/mp3/


  Example with mappings and rsync defined in ~/.rbsync:
  > push_to server ~/mp3

  Pushing server:/Users/macuser/Music/mp3/ to /home/linuxuser/mp3/ with options 
  --progress -avzut -e ssh --exclude .DS_Store --dry-run

== ~/.rbsync
  .rbsync is a yaml file that should be place in the users home directory 
  that contains path mappings and default rsync options.

  Sample .rbsync file:

  mappings:
    /Users/macuser: /home/linuxuser
    /Users/macuser/Music: /home/linuxuser/music

  rsync: --progress -avzut -e ssh --exclude .DS_Store


  The mappings section contains a regex expression and it's corresponding map-to 
  value.
  The rsync section contains the options that are used everything the push_to or
  pull_from commands are used.

== Download
 
Currently this library is available with git from:
 
  git://github.com/kevincolyar/rbsync.git
 
== Installation
 
=== From Git
 
You can check out the latest source from git:
 
  > git pull git://github.com/kevincolyar/rbsync.git
 
=== From Ruby Gems
 
Installation from RubyGems
 
  Make sure github is a gems source
  > gem sources -a http://gems.github.com (you only have to do this once) 

  > gem install rbsync

